Documentation: Vault Docs (#8936)
thepracticaldev/dev.to: docs/installation/vault.md

---
title: Vault
---

## Installing

To install Vault follow the
[Vault installation](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/install) instructions. If

> you have a mac I would suggest installing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you have a Mac, you can install 
```

[Vault using Homebrew](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/vault). You can validate
that you have it installed by running the following command.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

Not sure if this changes the formatting at all (it _should_?), but it seems worth trying out for this command and the ones that follow in this file.

vault -h
```

> After Vault has been installed, the next step is to startup a Vault server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After Vault has been installed, the next step is to start up a Vault server.
```

                     Cgo: disabled
         Cluster Address: https://127.0.0.1:8201
              Listener 1: tcp (addr: "127.0.0.1:8200", cluster address: "127.0.0.1:8201", max_request_duration: "1m30s", max_request_size: "33554432", tls: "disabled")
               Log Level: info
                   Mlock: supported: false, enabled: false
           Recovery Mode: false
                 Storage: inmem
                 Version: Vault v1.4.2
             Version Sha: 18f1c494be8b06788c2fdda1a4296eb3c4b174ce+CHANGES

WARNING! dev mode is enabled! In this mode, Vault runs entirely in-memory
and starts unsealed with a single unseal key. The root token is already
authenticated to the CLI, so you can immediately begin using Vault.

You may need to set the following environment variable:

    $ export VAULT_ADDR='http://127.0.0.1:8200'

The unseal key and root token are displayed below in case you want to
seal/unseal the Vault or re-authenticate.

Unseal Key: <a long key>
Root Token: <a token>

Development mode should NOT be used in production installations!
```

## Configuring

Once Vault is installed and running, the next step is to configure it to work

> with your application. Since we want multiple applications(in production) to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with your application. Since we want multiple applications (in production) to be
```

> able to use the same Vault infrastructure we control access by using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
able to use the same Vault infrastructure, we control access with
```

[Vault policies](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/policies) and
different

> [Key/Value secret paths](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v2#setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[key/value secret paths](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v2#setup).
```

The linked documentation refers to it as `key/value` so I think we should follow the capitalization set forth by Hashicorp.

In the following examples, `VAULT_SECRET_NAMESPACE` will be the secret path

> where your secrets are stored. This can be any string(except "secrets" since

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where your secrets are stored. This can be any string (except "secrets" since
```

that exists by default) of your choosing, for example `local-secrets`.
`VAULT_POLICY_NAME` will be the name of the policy that we use to control access

> to `VAULT_SECRET_NAMESPACE`. Once again, this should be a string, for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to `VAULT_SECRET_NAMESPACE`. Once again, this should be a string. For example,
```

`local-policy`.

> To setup a policy and secret path run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up a policy and secret path run the following commands:
```
`setup` == noun, versus `set up` == verb, which is what I think you want here.

```
vault secrets enable -path=<VAULT_SECRET_NAMESPACE>/ kv-v2

vault policy write VAULT_POLICY_NAME -<<EOF
# grant permission to new VAULT_SECRET_NAMESPACE path
path "VAULT_SECRET_NAMESPACE/data/*" {
  capabilities = ["create", "update", "read"]
}
EOF

vault token create -policy=VAULT_POLICY_NAME
```

The final command will give you the following output:

```
# Key                  Value
# ---                  -----
# token                important-policy-token
# token_accessor       another-less-important-token
# token_duration       768h
# token_renewable      true
# token_policies       ["default" VAULT_POLICY_NAME]
# identity_policies    []
# policies             ["default" VAULT_POLICY_NAME]
```

The `token` output from above is what you will use in your application to access
Vault. All that is left to do is set the appropriate ENV variables in your
`application.yml` file.

```yml
VAULT_TOKEN: important-policy-token
VAULT_SECRET_NAMESPACE: <your namespace from above>
```

> Now restart your application and you can start using Vault. One easy way to see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restart your application to start using Vault. One easy way to see
```

it in action is via the Rails console.

```ruby
# Enabled Example
[3] pry(main)> AppSecrets["TEST_SET"]="success"
=> "success"
[4] pry(main)> AppSecrets["TEST_SET"]
=> "success"

# Disabled Example
[2] pry(main)> AppSecrets["TEST_SET"]="success"
Vault::MissingTokenError: Missing Vault token! I cannot make requests to Vault without a token. Please
set a Vault token in the client:

    Vault.token = "1234"

or authenticate with Vault using the Vault CLI:

    $ vault auth ...

or set the environment variable $VAULT_TOKEN to the token value:

    $ export VAULT_TOKEN="..."

Please refer to the documentation for more examples.

> from /Users/mollystruve/.rvm/gems/ruby-2.7.1/gems/vault-0.14.0/lib/vault/client.rb:390:in `error'

Reviewer: May want to consider removing your user name from here :)
